Buddhist Prayer App Privacy Policy 
Last Updated :10 May 2025

Your privacy is very important to us, and we take it seriously. Please read our 
Privacy Policy below and let us know if you have any questions or other feedback 
regarding it
Information Collected
1.	We may collect personally identifiable information that you provided to us 
via e-mail or dealing with us such, as name, phone number, and email address. 
2.	Our app use cookies. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that 
we put on your computer if you agree. Cookies allow us to distinguish you from 
other users which makes your experience on our site better. For example, we use 
‘analytical cookies’ which let us recognise and monitor how people move around 
the site. This helps us improve our website. You can read more about cookies and 
how they work at all about cookies.
3.	We use Google Analytics to collect anonymous demographic information for 
analytical purposes.

Use of your personal information
1.	We may use your personally identifiable information when corresponding with 
you.
2.	We will only disclose your personal information if we have a legal obligation 
to do so. 
3.	We do not sell, or provide user’s information to a third party

Subscription and Donation
Our app has auto-renewable subscriptions: Subscriptions will automatically renew 
unless cancelled within 24-hours before the end of the current period. You can 
cancel anytime within your in-App account settings. Any unused portion of paid 
subscription (if applicable) will not be refunded. 
We do not collect any personal data for subscription. All financial and personal 
data used to make the purchase or donation are stored, handled, and administered 
by Apple.

Apple iCloud
Our apps use Apple's iCloud to store user data that is shared amongst a user's 
devices. This data is only accessible to the user and is stored on Apple's 
servers. Data stored on the iCloud is governed by Apple's Privacy Policy. We 
do not collect nor have access to a user's iCloud data.
	View Privacy Policy      you link to Apple iCloud Privacy Policy

Consent
By using any of our Apps for iOS or MacOS you consent to our privacy policy. 
To opt out delete the app from your mobile device.

Changes to this data policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by 
giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check 
this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the 
bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must 
cease using this Application. 

Send any questions about this policy, please write to us: BuddhistPrayer@gmail.com

---------------

you link to Apple iCloud Privacy Policy  

Apple App Store 
Terms and Conditions (EULA) -LICENSED APPLICATION END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/dev/stdeula/  

