"Jing Si" Privacy Policy
Date last modified: November 7, 2021
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") is intended to explain to you what you should know when using Foyuan APP (hereinafter referred to as "products" or "services"):
1. How we collect and use your personal information
2. How we use cookies
3. How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
4. How we protect your personal information
5. Your rights
6. How we handle the personal information of minors
7. How your personal information is transferred globally
8. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
9. How to update this policy
10. Our Contact Information
We attach great importance to the protection of your personal information, and we are also committed to maintaining your trust in us. We promise to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information in accordance with the security standards generally applicable in the industry. However, it should be noted that this policy does not apply to products or services provided to you by other third parties. If you use a product or service provided by a third party, please pay attention to the user agreement and privacy policy of the third-party product or service.
Before using our products and services, please read and fully understand this policy.

How we collect and use your personal information

1. Help you register a Foyuan APP account to become our core user
When you use this product and service, we recommend that you register a Foyuan APP account to use all the functions of this product and service more fully; for this, you need to provide your mobile phone number (for real-name authentication) and create a password, Nick name. If you only need basic product functions and services such as taking pictures, beautifying pictures, and portrait beauty, you do not need to register a Foyuan APP account and provide the above information. After providing the above information and agreeing to the "User Agreement" and this "Privacy Policy" of Foyuan APP, you can use other product functions and/or services of Foyuan APP (see paragraph 2 of this article for details). If you do not provide the above information when registering an account, you will not be able to enjoy other product functions and/or services, but you can use basic product functions and services after exiting the registration page.


2. To provide you with other related product functions and/or services


In order to realize the following product functions and/or services, we may need to collect the corresponding personal information from you. If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to use these specific services, but it will not affect your normal use of the basic product functions of the Foyuan APP. and services.
1) Customer service. When you file a complaint, consultation or appeal to Foyuan APP, in order to contact you or help you solve the problem, we may require you to provide personal information such as your name, mobile phone number, email and other valid contact information. If you refuse to provide the above information, we may not be able to timely feedback the relevant processing results to you.


2) Precise push service. Based on the collected information, we will conduct feature analysis and user demographics on user preferences, habits, and locations (data analysis results will not be associated with specific user identities), in order to provide you with more suitable products and/or customized services. For this purpose, the information we need to collect includes your device identification code, language and time zone, browser model and browsing history of this product. If you are not interested in the advertisements we push, you can also select the "Close" or "Skip" prompt button on the corresponding advertisement page to close such advertisements. We may also collect your network operator and type, network type, and WIFI name in order to help you save network traffic during the advertising push process. For example, when we detect that you are in a WIFI environment, we may directly provide you with Play video advertising content; when we detect that you are in an environment with no network or weak mobile network, we will only push you the advertising content that you have cached locally.


3) Optimize products and services. In order to maintain the normal operation of our services, protect your account security, troubleshoot product failures, and improve and optimize our services, we will collect your EXIF ​​data, IMEI, device model information, login IP address, and operation log information. This type of information is the information that must be collected in order to provide services. After collection, it will be de-identified and will not be used to identify any specific user. In order to ensure the effect of face image processing, our service may use the calculation results of the depth-related information of face mapping in Apple's ARKit and TrueDepth API. During this period, we will not use such calculation results for other purposes. Nor will any data in files be captured or uploaded to a server for recording purposes or to otherwise collect the depth of your face mapping.


4) Additional functions: live broadcast, games, e-commerce or other functions provided by third parties. Based on the interconnection characteristics of modern mobile Internet products, this product may access other products or functions launched by Foyuan APP affiliates or external partners. For live broadcast, games, and e-commerce functions, it may be necessary to verify your identity information, or Involves your payment and delivery information. We will only store and keep your relevant information for the purpose of providing you with the above functions or accessing the above functions, and will not use it for other purposes. If you are unwilling to provide the above information, it will only cause you to be unable to use the relevant additional functions normally, and you can still use the basic functions of this product and other business functions and services normally. The product may also access other third-party functions. Foyuan APP only provides advertising cooperation or access jump services. You need to carefully read the partner's user agreement and privacy policy before using the partner's product or function. Edge APP will not contact the relevant personal information left by you when using these products or functions.


5) Additional Services: Receive product, service, marketing or questionnaire information. In order to let you better understand the products and related services of Foyuan APP, we will push our products, services, marketing information to your mobile phone or conduct related questionnaires to you. However, if you do not want to receive such information from us, you can unsubscribe by replying to "TD" through SMS prompts or by other means provided by us.


3. The use of your personal information by Foyuan APP based on other special circumstances


1) If you believe that your relevant rights have been violated, you can file a complaint or report according to our infringement complaint process and through our published contact information. During this process, we will ask you to provide your personally identifiable information to verify the authenticity of the complaint and report. At the same time, we may also require you to provide valid identity information for verification if you apply to cancel the abnormal status of your Foyuan APP account. This is personal sensitive information, we will take strict confidentiality measures and will not share it with third parties.
2) Please understand that the functions and services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed. If we want to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this policy, or use the collected information for specific purposes For other purposes, we will inform you in a reasonable manner (such as page prompts, interactive procedures, website announcements, etc.) and obtain your consent again before use.

How we use cookies

To ensure the proper functioning of the website, to help you have an easier access experience, and to recommend information that may be of interest to you, we store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies usually contain identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. With the help of cookies, the website can store your preferences and other data, so as to help you avoid the cumbersomeness of repeatedly filling in personal information and entering historical search content; at the same time, we may also use the above technologies to recommend, display, and push your interests. . You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences, and you can also clear all cookies saved on your computer. See AboutCookies.org for details. We will not use cookies for any purpose other than those described in this policy. Most web browsers have a cookie-blocking feature, and you can clear all cookies saved on your computer through your browser settings, but doing so may require you to make changes yourself every time you visit our website user settings.

How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information

1. Share
We will not share your personal information with any company, organization, or individual, except in the following cases:
1) Sharing with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will share your personal information with other parties.
2) Sharing under statutory conditions: We may share your personal information externally in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations, the need for litigation and dispute resolution, and the mandatory requirements of government authorities or judicial authorities in accordance with the law.
3) To the extent required or permitted by law, it is necessary to provide your personal information to a third party in order to protect the interests, property or safety of Foyuan APP and its users or the public from damage;
4) Sharing with authorized partners: Only to achieve the purpose stated in this policy, some of our services will be provided by authorized partners, such as promotion services, product analysis services, technical support services, and e-commerce platform cooperation. We may share some of your personal information with our partners to ensure the smooth completion of our services and to help us provide better customer service and user experience. We will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and explicit purposes, and only share personal information necessary to provide services; at the same time, for the companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, We will sign strict non-disclosure agreements with them, requiring them to handle personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. Our partners are not authorized to use the shared personal information for any other purpose. Our partners include the following types:
(1) Advertising service partners. We may introduce such partners such as Miaozhen or ADMaster to help us count and evaluate the contact effect of online advertisements, and we will share with them some de-identified personal information, which are: IP address, encrypted Device information (IMEI/IDFA, device model and language, time zone). We do not share your personal sensitive information with our partners.
(2) E-commerce suppliers. When you use the e-commerce platform that Foyuan APP accesses, that is, Foyuan APP customized services, we may share your order information and other necessary transaction-related information with third-party merchants, such as your order content, user name and contact information , delivery address, in order to meet your needs for purchasing goods or services from them, and to enable them to complete subsequent after-sales services.
In addition, some partners who provide us with technical analysis services will collect a small amount of personal information from our users that is de-identified based on their information security rules to help us count the distribution of product users and evaluate the effect of product promotion. This information For device information (IMEI/IDFA, device model and language, time zone). We will only choose mainstream data providers with domestic management standards, such as Umeng and APPSFLYER. Although suppliers may change, in any case, we will urge partners in the agreement to comply with relevant information security regulations and effectively protect users' personal data.
2. Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following cases:
1) We will transfer your personal information to other parties with your explicit consent;
2) When a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation is involved, if it involves the transfer of personal information, we will require new companies, organizations and other entities that hold your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy. If the collection, processing method and purpose of use of information change, we will require the company, organization and other subjects to seek your authorization and consent again.
3. Public disclosure
We will only collect or publicly disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
1) After obtaining your explicit consent;
2) Based on the mandatory requirements of laws and regulations, judicial authorities or administrative authorities, we may disclose your personal information.
4. Exceptions to Unauthorized Collection, Sharing, Transfer or Public Disclosure of Personal Information
In accordance with relevant laws and regulations, we may collect, share, transfer or publicly disclose your personal information without your authorization and consent under the following circumstances.
A. Directly related to national interests such as national security and national defense security;
B. Directly related to major public interests such as public safety, public health, and public awareness;
C. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
D. In order to protect your or other personal life, property, reputation and other major legitimate rights and interests, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
E. Necessary to enter into and perform a contract at your request;
F. Necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as discovering and disposing of faults in the products or services;
G. When it is necessary to carry out statistical or academic research in the public interest, and when it provides the results of academic research or description to the outside world, the personal information contained in the results is de-identified;
H. Personal information collected from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
I. Other situations stipulated by laws and regulations.

4. How we protect your personal information

1. We have used industry-standard security measures to protect the personal information you provide to prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of the data. We will take all reasonably practicable steps to protect your personal information. For example, when data is exchanged between your browser and the "service", it is protected by SSL encryption; we provide HTTPS secure access to the supporting web services provided by the product; we will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; Reliable protection mechanisms to prevent malicious attacks on data; we deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; and we conduct security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.


2. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that irrelevant personal information is not collected. We promise to keep your personal information stored for as long as is required by law or reasonably necessary to achieve product functions and services. For personal information beyond the period, we will immediately delete or anonymize it.


3. The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and emails, instant messaging, and communications with other users are not encrypted. We strongly recommend that you do not send personal information through such methods. Please use a complex password to help us keep your account secure.


4. The Internet environment is not 100% secure, and we will try our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send to us.


5. In the event of an unfortunate personal information security incident, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, and you can prevent and reduce the risk on your own. Advice on risks, remedies for you, etc. We will promptly report the relevant information of the incident by email, letter, telephone, push notification, etc.


When it is difficult to inform you of the personal information one by one, we will take a reasonable and effective way to make an announcement. At the same time, we will also proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities.

5. Your rights


In accordance with relevant Chinese laws, regulations and standards, we guarantee that you exercise the following rights over your personal information: 1. In the following circumstances, you may request us to delete personal information:
A. If our processing of personal information violates laws and regulations;
B. If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;
C. If our processing of personal information violates our agreement with you;
D. If you no longer use our products or services, or you cancel your Foyuan APP account;
E. If we terminate our services and operations.


Once the above deletion request is responded to, we will also try our best to notify the subjects who have obtained your personal information from Foyuan APP and require them to delete the corresponding information in time, unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, or these subjects have obtained your independent authorization. When you delete the information from our service, we may not delete the corresponding information from the backup system immediately, we will delete the information or realize anonymization when the backup is updated.


2. Withdraw your authorization


If you wish to withdraw your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your other personal information or if you would like us to correct, update or delete your personal information, you may contact us through the contact details in this policy. We will receive your e-mail process your request and stop the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information within a reasonable period of time after you send or registered mail. However, please understand and agree that when you withdraw certain authorizations, the related product functions will be unavailable, and we cannot continue to provide you with specific functions and/or services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, and you withdraw the authorization. The decision will not affect the previous processing of personal information based on your authorization.


3. Response to your claim


For your security, you may be required to provide a written request or otherwise prove your identity when you make the above claims. We will process your request after verifying your identity. Generally, we will respond within [15] days. For your reasonable requests, we do not charge fees in principle, but for repeated requests that exceed a reasonable limit, we will charge a fee at our discretion. Requests for information not directly related to your identity, unwarranted duplication of information, or requests that require excessive technical means (for example, the need to develop new systems or fundamentally change existing practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are impractical , we may reject it. In the following cases, we will not be able to respond to your request in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations:
1) related to national security and national defense security;
2) related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
3) related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments, etc.;
4) There is sufficient evidence to show that the subject of personal information has subjective malice or abuse of rights;
5) Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations;
6) Involving commercial secrets.


6. How we handle the personal information of minors


1. We pay special attention to the protection of the personal information of minors. If you are a minor under the age of 14, before using our products and/or services, please be sure to read this policy accompanied by your guardian, and ensure that you have obtained the explicit consent of your guardian before using our products. service and provide us with your personal information.
2. For the collection of personal information of minors by using our products or services with the consent of the guardian, we will only use, share, transfer or disclose it under the circumstances permitted by laws and regulations, the express consent of the guardian, or the protection of minors. this information.
3. If your guardian does not agree to your use of our services or to provide us with personal information in accordance with this policy, please terminate the use of our services immediately and notify us in time.
4. If you have any questions about the use of our products/services or the user information provided to us by the minors under your supervision, please contact us in time.


7. How your personal information is transferred globally


We will store user personal information collected within the territory of the People's Republic of China (hereinafter referred to as "China") in China in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations. Since we provide products or services to users through resources and servers all over the world, this means that, after obtaining your authorization and consent, your personal information may be transferred to jurisdictions outside the country/region where you use the products or services , or subject to access from those jurisdictions. Such jurisdictions may have different data protection laws or even no relevant laws. In such cases, we will ensure that your personal information is adequately and equally protected within the territory of the People's Republic of China. For example, we may request your consent to transfer personal information across borders, or implement security measures such as data de-identification prior to cross-border data transfers.


8. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction


This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the Mainland of the People's Republic of China. Disputes under this Privacy Policy shall be under the jurisdiction of the court where the defendant is domiciled.


9. How to update this policy


Our privacy policy may be changed from time to time in accordance with business adjustments, changes in laws and regulations or policies. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your express consent. We will post any changes to this policy on a dedicated page. For major changes, we will notify you through pop-up windows, pushes, etc. in the product or service. If you do not agree to the revised Privacy Policy, you have the right and should immediately stop using our products and/or services. If you continue to use our products and/or services, you are deemed to have accepted our changes to the relevant terms of this policy. Material changes referred to in this policy include, but are not limited to: 

1) The purpose of processing personal information, the type of processing personal information, the way of using personal information, etc. have changed;
2) Changes in your rights to participate in the processing of personal information and the way they are exercised;
3) When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates that there is a risk.


10. Our Contact Information


If you have any questions, comments, suggestions or complaints about the content of this policy, you can contact us in the following ways: Please send an email to the Personal Information Protection Commissioner Email: mofoappdev@gmail.com
