BuddhaLink - Terms of service
Date last modified: November 7, 2024

The terms of service of this agreement (hereinafter referred to as "terms of service") are related to the service between you and the mofoappdev (hereinafter referred to as "mofoappdev") provided by the "Buddha" client (hereinafter collectively referred to as "BuddhaLink") for the mofoappdev. The rights and obligations are standardized, and these terms of service have legal effect on you and the mofoappdev.

1. Accept the terms
The Terms of Service of this Agreement may be updated by the mofoappdev at any time without prior notice. Once the terms of service are changed, the mofoappdev will publish the revised content on the website. Once the revised terms of service are published on the website, it will effectively replace the original terms of service. If you do not agree with any terms of this agreement and subsequent modifications, you can choose to stop using all services provided by "Buddha"; if you choose to continue to use "Buddha" services, it is deemed that you have fully accepted this agreement and its modifications .

2. Service Introduction
Definition of "BuddhaLink" service: "BuddhaLink" service is provided by the mofoappdev, on the premise that you comply with the specific terms and conditions of this agreement, the service platform for the function of online worship. "BuddhaLink" is prepared by itself, and it is responsible for the communication fees, information fees and other related fees charged by personal Internet access or third parties (including but not limited to telecommunications or mobile communication providers). There is a clearly agreed privacy policy in this agreement, and you must ensure that you have read and are willing to fully abide by the privacy policy published by the mofoappdev before using this service. The company has the right to stipulate and modify the general measures for using this service, including but not limited to deciding whether to retain the basic information and upload information of your albums, and the uploading and saving authority of a single account. If the mofoappdev fails to store or delete the content or other information of the service according to your wishes, the mofoappdev will not be responsible for it. At the same time, the company reserves the right to modify or discontinue the service at any time without prior notice to you. The mofoappdev is not responsible to you or third parties. Unless the mofoappdev clearly states otherwise, these Terms of Service apply unconditionally to any additions to the current service, including new products.

3. The authenticity of your personal data
(1) You should ensure the authenticity, correctness and completeness of your identity information when using this service. If the information changes, you should change it in time. The mofoappdev cannot and will not affect you due to untrue information, Inaccurate, or your profile information has not been updated in a timely manner, or be liable for any loss or damage caused by your forgetting your password. If you provide any wrong, untrue, outdated or incomplete information, which is known by the mofoappdev; or the mofoappdev has reasonable grounds to suspect that the aforementioned information is wrong, untrue, outdated or incomplete, the mofoappdev has the right to suspend or terminate your account and deny you any current or future use of the Service, in whole or in part.
(2) After safely completing the registration process of this service and receiving a password and account number, you should maintain the confidentiality and security of the password and account number. You should be fully responsible for the activities of anyone using your password and account. The mofoappdev cannot identify the illegal or unauthorized use of your account and password, so the mofoappdev does not assume any responsibility. It is forbidden to transfer or illegally sell account numbers and passwords. If the mofoappdev finds that the user is not the initial registrant of the account, the mofoappdev has the right to withdraw the account without taking legal responsibility to the account user.

4. Service usage
Unless otherwise agreed with the mofoappdev, you agree that the Service is for personal, non-commercial use only. At the same time, you promise not to use this service for commercial purposes such as advertising, sales, commercial display, etc. without the prior written consent of the mofoappdev. If the company finds that you have used the service for the above behavior, it has the right to delete the content you upload, or temporarily or permanently ban your album and account without further notice to you.

5. Rules of use
(1) You shall not abuse the service of "BuddhaLink". The mofoappdev hereby solemnly draws your attention that any information such as pictures, photos, etc., uploaded, browsed, deleted, downloaded, and shared through this service (whether or not it is uploaded publicly) will not be accepted by you. The registration data or other data (hereinafter referred to as "content") of the content provider and user shall be solely responsible for their uploading and use behaviors. You guarantee: You shall not use this service or make, copy, upload, publish, or disseminate information containing any of the following contents on the mofoappdev web page: https://github.com/Simon202410/readme_all/blob/main/Foyuan_Privacy
 ① Oppose the basic principles established by the Constitution; 
 ② Endangering national security, divulging state secrets, subverting state power, and undermining national unity;
 ③ Damage to national honor and interests; 
 ④ Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, or undermining ethnic unity; 
 ⑤ Those who undermine the national religious policy and promote cults and feudal superstitions; 
 ⑥ Spreading rumors, disrupting social order and undermining social stability; 
 ⑦ Spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror or instigating crime; 
 ⑧ Insulting or slandering others and infringing on the legal rights of others; 
 ⑨ Inciting illegal assemblies, associations, processions, demonstrations or gatherings to disrupt social order; 
 ⑩ Acting in the name of an illegal non-governmental organization; 
 ⑪ Contains false, harmful, coercive, infringing on the privacy of others, harassing, infringing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, or other morally objectionable content; 
 ⑫ Contain other content restricted or prohibited by Chinese laws, regulations and any norms with legal effect.

(2) You must guarantee that you have the complete and flawless ownership and intellectual property rights of the photos and other works you upload, or that you have obtained the legal authorization of others and have the right to upload them on the "BuddhaLink" platform. Your uploading behavior on this website does not infringe the legitimate rights and interests of any third party; you shall not add any internal information, confidential information, content involving other people's private information or infringing any person's patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or other exclusive rights. Upload, post, or otherwise transmit on the "Buddha" platform. Otherwise, you will be solely responsible for all legal and economic responsibilities arising therefrom; if the mofoappdev bears legal responsibility for this, it has the right to claim compensation from you.
(3) You shall not use this service to create and spread computer viruses and other destructive programs, and shall not cause interference or confusion with respect to this service, the server or network connected to this service, or violate any requirements of the network connected to this service, procedures, policies or rules, otherwise the company will reserve the right to pursue its legal responsibility and have the right to submit it to the relevant departments for processing.
(4) The mofoappdev has the right to filter the pictures you upload, the added text and other content. If there are any pictures or texts that violate the laws and regulations or the relevant provisions of this agreement, the mofoappdev has the right to delete or block them immediately. without further notice to you.
(5) You are not allowed to upload, post, email or otherwise transmit advertising letters, promotional materials, junk mail, etc.
(6) You agree to abide by the General Principles of the Civil Law of the People's Republic of China, the Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China, the Law of the People's Republic of China on Guarding State Secrets, the Regulations of the People's Republic of China on the Security Protection of Computer Information Systems, and the Regulations on the Protection of Computer Software , "Interpretation of the Supreme People's Court on Several Issues Concerning the Application of Law in the Trial of Cases Involving Computer Network Copyright Disputes (Fa Shi [2004] No. 1)", "Administrative Protection Measures for Internet Copyright", "Internet News Information Service Management Regulations" and other relevant national laws , regulations. In any case, if you violate national laws and regulations or these terms of service, resulting in any damage to the mofoappdev or any disputes, lawsuits, claims, etc. from a third party, you must compensate the mofoappdev for all losses (including direct losses and indirect losses).
(7) You shall not use "BuddhaLink" to engage in any behavior that endangers the security of computer information network, otherwise, once a complaint, report, or discovery is made, you shall bear all legal responsibilities and compensate for the loss caused to the mofoappdev.
(8) If your use of the "BuddhaLink" service does not comply with this agreement, the mofoappdev has the right to make an independent judgment when it is discovered through notification, reporting, etc., and can immediately terminate the notification to you without prior notice to you. provide some or all of the services. If you spread and disseminate reactionary, pornographic or other information that violates national laws and regulations through "Buddha", the system records of "Buddha" may be used as evidence of your violation of laws and regulations; You shall be solely responsible for any damages or losses arising from any third party's claim or arising from the uploading and dissemination of this document.
(9) The company has the right to supervise your use of "Buddha". If it is found that you violate any of the provisions of this agreement when using the network services provided by "Buddha" through notification, reporting, etc., the company has the right to Require you to correct or directly take all necessary measures (including but not limited to changing or deleting your uploaded content, suspending or terminating your right to use network services) to mitigate the impact of your misconduct.

6. Licensing of Public Domain Content
You agree to grant the mofoappdev worldwide, license-free, non-exclusive, fully sublicensable, and perpetually valid for the photos and texts you share publicly in the public area of ​​the Service (the public area refers to the area available to general public users). The right to use, and the mofoappdev can use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works based on the above-mentioned content for the specific purpose of displaying, disseminating and promoting the posting of the above-mentioned content for Internet value-added services or telecommunication value-added services. business.

7. Service Risk and Disclaimer
(1) "BuddhaLink" is completely free, and the mofoappdev will not be held responsible for lost photos or damaged files. Ghost special effects and 2012 or some special effects are fake and are for entertainment only. The mofoappdev will not be responsible for any misunderstanding caused by special effects photos.
(2) You fully understand and agree that this service involves services such as the Internet and mobile communications, which may be affected by unstable factors in various links. Therefore, there is a risk of service interruption or failure to meet your requirements due to the above-mentioned force majeure, computer virus or hacker attack, system instability, your location, your shutdown, GSM network, Internet network, communication lines, etc. Risk of cancellation or termination (any information you have stored in this service may not be restored), you use this service at your own risk, the mofoappdev does not guarantee the timeliness, security, and accuracy of the service. You cannot send and receive read messages, or deliver errors, and take no responsibility for personal settings for aging, failure to save, or other issues. mofoappdev will not be liable for any loss of data, loss or service stoppage caused by force majeure or reasons not attributable to mofoappdev.
(3) For system failures that affect the normal operation of the service, the company promises to deal with and repair it in time once it is discovered. However, the mofoappdev is not responsible for the economic and spiritual losses you have incurred as a result. In addition, mofoappdev reserves the right to suspend the provision of part or all of this service for maintenance, upgrades or other purposes without prior notice.
(4) The mofoappdev solemnly reminds you that any content uploaded or sent through this service, whether it is transmitted publicly or privately, is the responsibility of the content provider. The mofoappdev cannot control the content transmitted through this service, nor can it fully control your use behavior, so it does not guarantee the legality, correctness, integrity, authenticity or quality of the content; you have foreseen that when using this service, it may be will be exposed to objectionable, inappropriate or objectionable content and agree to use its own judgment and assume all risks without relying on the mofoappdev. However, in any case, the company has the right to stop the transmission of any of the aforementioned content and take corresponding actions, including but not limited to suspending all or part of your use of the service, saving relevant records, and reporting to relevant authorities. However, the company has the right (but not the obligation) to refuse and delete any content that may be provided through the service that violates these terms or that causes the company or other objection to you at its sole discretion.
(5) You fully understand and agree that if a third party uploads your pictures and other works to "BuddhaLink" without your knowledge or consent, and any resulting acts that may infringe your rights and interests , the mofoappdev does not assume any responsibility to anyone.
(6) You fully understand and agree that the third party can obtain the relevant information in "BuddhaLink" by visiting the mofoappdev website, and can use, modify, interpret, download or reprint the information. The company shall not be liable to anyone for any use, modification, interpretation, download or reprint of information by you or a third party that may infringe your rights and interests.
(7) You fully understand and agree that receiving advertising information through this service, and then conducting any form of business dealings with advertisers, or participating in promotional activities, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other related terms reached , conditions, warranties or representations are solely between you and the advertiser. Except as expressly stipulated in the relevant laws that the Company shall be liable, the Company shall not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature suffered by you as a result of any of the aforementioned transactions or the aforementioned advertisers.
(8) The company has the right to freeze or withdraw the album account you use after notifying you at least 3 days in advance according to the needs of the service.

8. In the event of any of the following circumstances, the company has the right to interrupt or terminate the service to you at any time without notifying you
(1) The personal data you provide is untrue; 
(2) You violate the provisions of these Terms of Service; 
(3) Your account and corresponding domain name have been idle for a long time after registration;
(4) The mofoappdev found that you maliciously registered an album account or the mofoappdev received a third party complaint and the third party issued corresponding evidence; (5) Other mofoappdevs are considered to be special circumstances that meet the overall service needs.

9. Disclosure of Information
In the following cases, the mofoappdev will disclose your personal information, and the resulting responsibility will be borne by you:
(1) You authorize or agree to the disclosure of the mofoappdev; 
(2) In some cases, only by disclosing your personal information can we provide the products and services you insist on requesting; 
(3) In an emergency, in order to protect the mofoappdev and your legal rights or public safety and interests; 
(4) Provide your personal information as required by law or the competent authorities; 
(5) You agree to allow third parties to share information; 
(6) We find that you have violated the terms of service of the mofoappdev or the use of any other products and services; 
(7) In accordance with the relevant provisions of the company's service terms and statements, or other circumstances deemed necessary by the company's name;

10. Ownership of Content, Logos, Software
The content includes the special effect name, sound, picture, etc. of "BuddhaLink", as well as all the content in the email message and advertisement. The logo includes "mofoappdev", "Buddha" and related graphic logos, all of which are protected by laws such as copyright, trademark and patent rights. Therefore, you can only use these contents under the authorization of the mofoappdev, and cannot copy, reproduce or create derivative products related to the contents without authorization.
All rights to any software (including but not limited to any images, photos, animations, videos, audio recordings, music, texts, additional programs, and accompanying help materials contained in the software) used by "Buddha" to provide network services All belong to the copyright owner of the software. Without the permission of the copyright owner of the software, you may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, or otherwise discover its contents. original coding, and any alleged copyright infringement.
The clothing material comes from the Internet. If copyright is involved, please contact us and we can delete it.

11. Applicable Law and Dispute Jurisdiction
The validity and interpretation of these Terms of Service shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China. If any part of the terms of service contradicts the laws of the People's Republic of China, this part of the terms should be re-interpreted in accordance with the law, and the invalidity or re-interpretation of some of the terms will not affect the legal effect of other terms.
You and the company agree that any disputes arising from this service should be resolved through negotiation. If the negotiation fails, either party may submit a lawsuit to the court where the company is located.

12. The mofoappdev has the final right to interpret the terms of service of this agreement
Your comments and suggestions regarding any part of the Service or any part of these Terms of Service may be contacted through Customer Service.

13. Subscription & Donation:
- Enjoy unlimited exclusive membership functions with a Monthly Plan or Yearly Plan.
- Once you purchase, the fee is credited to your iTunes account. 
- Automatic renewal occurs 24 hours before the expiration date, and your iTunes account is charged accordingly. 
- You can cancel the auto-renewal feature at least 24 hours before the subscription period ends. Follow the steps: Open [Settings] > [Your Name] > [Subscriptions] > Manage your subscriptions here
